buffer festival is here it's day one
time is the big gala if you don't know
about festival is it's basically a Film
Festival for YouTube for internet video
content creators tonight super fancy
there are red carpets there are
premieres it's all fancy and fun I'm
here for two things I'm premiering in a
vlogging category so I premiere of vlog
and then I'm also here for the
documentary that I helped out film
called internet kids we're getting our
own screening so it's very exciting very
dressed up through this girl
would you rather
Theatre
Eric what happened sir wish I said
missus be cheating
Junie called me on Twitter oh my god
just Osho Sarah picture of something
I'm so jealous I'll get my mom I love
you I know I have hi Jeannie I'm gonna
follow you now they know the other
Twitter
Queen B parallel nurse Wynn's told to
stay in the basement until instructions
kitty come into town so proud of this
movie that you guys have saw the trailer
for vlog inventory'
yeah experience favorite favorite one I
think
me and then drought really
the stranger yes yes astray back Charlie
Brown
was your parents very cool to see videos
made for the small screen
I'm enjoying stream on the big screen it
was fantastic
steeper money look at that
your money is for them your money is
money today is Saturday and today's very
special wines special special because
the project we've been working on for so
long it's finally getting to be seen by
everyone yes he called internet kids
internet kids for one time every year we
get a chance to come in and meet up and
just get out from behind our cameras and
just enjoy each other
and a little backstory like you thought
about this idea this documentary like
year ago or even over it yeah like last
VidCon yeah yeah and he contacted me
like we we've always been kind of like
internet friends and so we'd like
comment on each other's videos and stuff
and he contacted me I was like you you
want to give her this documentary and
help shoot it and then it just happened
right yeah I saw the internet or the
creative spaces stuff and I was like
that's perfect cuz it's a documentary
and she came out and helped shoot and it
looks amazing so excited about it we'll
do it Internet kids time yes
when I walked out to find it was because
it was kind of it is based the main
problems peacefully their whole
community and
look guys this is all peachy fan PG fan
genie you're like famous among the group
of PC Sam so she favored on your tweets
yeah okay Genie follow all these lovely
people follow them on Twitter and look
you are followed by genie deechi Aaron
how do you feel your baby was just shot
in front of a crowd of people at buffer
festival I feel amazing and then all the
laughs that happened happen at the right
place is yes
as you head up so many time that you
edit it so many times you stop laughing
and then I'm like oh yeah this is kind
of funny yeah I think really really well
so good there was emotion there was
comic relief
there's a lot of talented people here
premiering then is showing his visual
vibes Eric is showing something Tim is
showing something Sawyer is showing
something we're here in this theater
this just wrapped up travel screening it
was so good it's three hours of just
amazing films now I'm headed back to the
hotel it's freezing outside I did not
think this through the whole like
writing fast on a mr. bored when it's so
cold I think it's like
it's preparing me for the New York
miners I don't know if I'm gonna be able
to boost the word in New York during the
winter it's time for the daily vlogging
Channel I am so I'm like honored to be
with the murmurings look at this room
I really nervous just like Davin like
crazy I love it can you please show the
audience your dab dude you are awesome
I brought bro so it's actually really
nervous about like the red carpet or the
meet-and-greet after the screening
because I think no one knows who I am
but I miss so many of you and it made my
heart happy and it was so great it was
so great we're gonna slide into that
creators laughs and slide into those
deals that lounge that is the coolest
thing I've ever seen in my house when
it's dark
but for festival has been incredible I
didn't vlog a lot about it and I haven't
even really touched based on what
happened today but I was in the vlogging
screening with so many just insane
creators like I was sitting next to
Louis Cole from central Louie and
shaycarl like I had a conversation with
Shane like what what is life but it was
so cool to see a vlog that I've made on
the big screen and it was so crazy to
have people in an audience watching a
vlog that would not only be on YouTube
and just watching it there with like
that that was pretty wild and it was
such an honor to be on that stage with
the people that were there I mean it was
unreal and I've just met I just I know
I've said this a lot and I say the words
amazing and all that way too much but
just the people that I met and the
people that I just developed
relationships with insane crazy I would
never have guessed I would be in this
position you know Erica so yeah
it was lit the video that I showed at
buffer festival would be on YouTube this
Wednesday so definitely keep a lookout
for that
I'm going to head back to my hotel a lot
of crazy stuff that's still coming up
I'm telling ya this next month is kind
of a final stretch of crazy traveling
and crazy things I feel like I haven't
been in New York since I moved there but
it's all good things it's all really
good things I'm so thankful to have the
opportunity to go to so I'm Nexus Adobe
MAX conference I'm giving two talks to
hour-and-a-half talks that I've I'm
gonna go and finish preparing for I got
some PowerPoint slides to edit and stuff
I'm gonna try to try to keep my
headphones on and focus while the buffer
festival party happens like two doors
down from my hotel so they'll be
exciting from Toronto stay PG fan okay
bye
you